## Preface
The purpose of this re-factoring is to enable product building *in one click*. Before that the application was indeed a *plain single jar*, where all modules and working libraries resided. This solution doesn't use the most powerful approach provided by Eclipse RCP out of the box &ndash; *OSGi*. The downsides of the previous design are:
- long workflow (for example when you make ammedments in some olca-module, then you have to install its Maven artifact and then copy to `lib` directory of `olca-app`)
- inability to update just a part of bundle

## Actions
1. Eclipse Tycho and Eclipse PDE share the common concept of the `target.platform`, but with the clause that Tycho supports only remote URLs as P2 repository. For that reason I have created a [P2 site for artifacts that are not hosted on Eclipse sites](https://olca-s3-repo.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com) - the P2 repository is generated by `olca-repo` project.
2. OSGi-fyied GeoTools: `gt-all` and `gt-swt`
3. OSGi-fyied `olca-modules`
4. grouping `olca-modules` in Eclipse Feature (olca.feature.core)
5. grouping `olca-app` and `olca-updates` in Eclipse Feature (olca.feature.app). *NB!* to keep current Git structure clear I created feature project in separate repository, so they MUST be cloned into the same parent folder into the `olca-app`, `olca-updates`, `olca-app-feature` respectively - as they are defined in their `pom.xml` files.
6. The new design supports *duality*, i.e. you can run and build application both in PDE and Tycho. To build in PDE - projects from `olca-target-runtime`, `olca-models`, `olca-app`, `olca-updates`, `olca.app.feature` should be imported in Eclipse IDE. For Tycho-build current version of artefacts from the above list should be deployed in [our Maven Snapshot repository](http://ec2-54-90-248-145.compute-1.amazonaws.com:8081/nexus/)


#### How to build OpenLCA application
##### The fastest way
```
git clone olca-product
cd olca-proudct
mvn
```
&mdash; under the hood it fetch everything from `download.eclipse.org` sites, our P2 and Maven repositories.


##### Work in Eclipse IDE
.... to be continues ...
